---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Getting Started with the Project

In this project, we begin by creating a new folder within the projects directory. It's advisable to adhere to the naming conventions used here, which is `01-e-signature-app` . Within this folder, we create a file called `e-signature-app.js` .

### Creating the Signature Function

In this file, we implement a self-exporting function using the `RFC` (React Functional Component) syntax. The function is then exported using the `export default function` syntax. Note that we are using function-based components, not class-based components.

### Creating the Container

Next, we export a `div` with a class of `container` . We also use a text-center style for alignment.

### Creating the First Component

Our next step is to create our very first component. We do this in a new folder outside of the projects directory. This new folder is named `components` and it's where all our components will live.

### Creating the Title Component

Within the `components` folder, we create our first component, the `Title` component. The `Title` component will consist of an `H1` tag. We replace the `div` with an `H1` and give it a class name of `title` . We also add a text-center style for alignment.

### Importing the Title Component

After creating the `Title` component, we import it so we can see what it looks like. If everything is set up correctly, the title component should be recognized and displayed.

### Importing the Project into the Application

Next, we import our project into our application. This is done by importing our first project, the E signature application. Once imported, the title should be displayed because it's included in our component and our application.

### Creating Conditions for the Title Component

In the title component, we create a condition that checks if a title or text is passed in. If there is no text passed in, then the text of the title is used. If there is text passed in, then that text is used.

### Adding Conditions for the Class in the Title Component

We also add a condition for the class in the title component. If a class or multiple classes are passed in, then those classes are used. If no classes are passed in, then the default classes are used.

### Creating the Signature Application

In our signature application, we have our title component which we import from the components. We then go back to the component because we still need to add a few things.

### Styling the Input

We add two input tags for the date and signature status. For styling, we create a concept called input style which is assigned to an object. This object includes styles for border, outline, and padding.

### Changing the Background Color

If you want to change the background color of the entire document, you can select the document and change the background color.

### Wrapping the Input Tags in a Footer Tag

The input tags are then wrapped in a footer tag. This is because they are almost in a footer. We use a few classes and some inline styles to position them.

### Using State

Finally, we use the `useState` hook in React to manage the state of our application. This allows us to make our input tags functional.
