---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# Using State in React

- To use state, it must be imported from React. This can be done as follows:

  ```jsx
  import React, { useState } from 'react'
  ```

### Assigning State to a Variable

- After importing state, it should be assigned to a variable. This is typically done using the `const` keyword.

  ```jsx
  const [name, setName] = useState('')
  ```

- The above code creates a state variable called `name` and a function to update it called `setName` . The initial value of `name` is an empty string.

### Using State in the Component

- The state variable can now be used within the component. For instance, it can be used as the value of an input field.

  ```jsx
  <input type='text' value={name} onChange={handleNameChange} />
  ```

- The `onChange` event listener is used to handle changes to the input field.

### Creating the Event Handler

- An event handler function called `handleNameChange` is needed to update the state when the input field changes.

  ```jsx
  const handleNameChange = (event) => {
    setName(event.target.value)
  }
  ```

### Displaying the State Value

- The state value can be displayed in the UI by using it within the JSX code.

```jsx
<h3>{name}</h3>
```

### Changing the State

- The `setName` function is used to change the state. This function is called within the event handler with the new value passed as an argument.

### Creating Additional State Variables

- Multiple state variables can be created in a component. For instance, a `date` state variable can be created as follows:

  ```jsx
  const [date, setDate] = useState('')
  ```

- This new state variable can be used in a similar manner to the `name` state variable.

### Conditional Rendering

- Conditional rendering can be used to display different UI based on the state. For example, if the `date` state is empty, a default value can be displayed.

  ```jsx
  {
    date ? date : 'DOB'
  }
  ```

- The above code will display the value of `date` if it is not empty. Otherwise, it will display "DOB".
