---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# Hello World

### Setting Up Development Environment

- Install Node.js from node.js.org, the latest stable release.

- Update Node.js if already installed.

- Use VS Code as the code editor, which can be downloaded from code.visualstudio.com.

** - Create a folder called "React Native Course" and open it in VS Code.**

- This folder will serve as our workspace throughout the series.

### Creating a React Native Project with Expo

**- Open the terminal in VS Code (shortcut: Control + `) and enter the following command:**

- ` npx create-expo-app@latest hello-world`

- This command will create a new React Native project with the Expo package already installed.

- The project directory will be created, and all necessary dependencies will be installed.

### Understanding Project Files and Folders

- Take a few minutes to understand the different files and folders generated by create-expo-app.

- The `package.json` file contains project dependencies, scripts, and metadata.

- The `package-lock.json` file ensures consistent installation of project dependencies.

- The `babel.config.js` file serves as the Babel configuration file.

- The `app.json` file contains configuration options for the project.

- The `app.js` file serves as the default screen of the project.

- The `.gitignore` file specifies files and folders that shouldn't be tracked by the Version Control System.

- The `node_modules` folder houses all project dependencies.

- The `assets` folder contains various resources, such as icons and splash screens.

### Running the React Native Expo App

- It's finally time to run our first React Native Expo app.

**- Follow the instructions in the terminal to run the project.**
