---
sidebar_position: 10
---

# - Outsourcing JavaScript Code Into External Files

- As we continue writing JavaScript code, we add more and more code to the HTML file. However, we don't want to add too much JavaScript code to the HTML file.

### Keeping HTML Focused on HTML

- The HTML file should stay focused on HTML and should not be filled with all our script code.

- Having a lot of script code in the HTML file can make it harder to work with and manage the file efficiently.

### Outsourcing Code to a Separate File

- Therefore, we typically want to outsource that code into a separate file.

- We can add a new file in our project folder, for example, app.JS.

- The file extension should be .JS, which stands for JavaScript.

### Moving JavaScript Code to the New File

- We can grab our JavaScript code and only the code between the script tags, not including the script tags.

- Then we cut that JavaScript code from the HTML file and paste it into our app JS file.

```js
let age = 32
let greetingText = "Hi, I'm Max!!!!"
alert(greetingText)
alert(greetingText)
greetingText = 'Hi, I am really Max!'
alert(age)
alert(age)
```

### Cleaning Up the Code

- We should get rid of extra white space to make the code easier to read.

- We'll see some use cases for white space later on.

### Linking the HTML File to the JavaScript File

- Now the question is how we can link this HTML file to the JavaScript file so that this code is still executed in our browser.

- For linking to scripts, we use the script tags opening and closing.

### Using the SRC Attribute

- Instead of putting our script code between those tags, we now add the SRC attribute here.

- Then we specify a path to the JavaScript file we want to include here.

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
    <title>JavaScript Introduction</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <script src="app.js"></script>
  </body>
</html>
```

- With that, we are telling the browser to link, to import this JavaScript file and to load that JavaScript code and also execute it.

- It's important to note that even though we have no code between the opening and closing script tag, it's not allowed to use this as a void element. We have to have that closing script tag.

- We should also not add any JavaScript code between these script tags if we have that source attribute and we are linking to an external file.

- If we save all of this, we again get these alerts, which we got before as well. But now through that external JavaScript file.
