---
sidebar_position: 11
---

# - Introducing Arrays (Managing Lists Of Data)

- We have been working with values and variables such as strings and numbers. However, there are other useful values such as `arrays`, which are lists of values.

### Example of Arrays

1. Let's assume we are dealing with some user input here where we get an age, a user name, and some hobbies.
2. We want to store that entered data in a variable so that we can later, output it, change it, do whatever we need to do with it.

```js
let age = 32
let userName = 'Max'
let hobbies
```

- Hobbies, as the name suggests, is not just a single value, but multiple values.

### Disadvantages of Multiple Variables

1. We could create multiple variables like hobby one and hobby two, and then store different values in different variables.

```js
let age = 32
let userName = 'Max'
let hobby1
let hobby2
```

2. However, we don't know in advance, how many hobbies a user of our website might be entering. So we don't know as a developer, how many variables we need to create in advance.

### Creating an Array in JavaScript

1. We create an array in JavaScript by using square brackets.

```js
let age = 32
let userName = 'Max'
let hobbies = []
```

- In this array, we can store a list of values, for example, multiple strings like sports, cooking, and reading.

```js
let age = 32
let userName = 'Max'
let hobbies = ['Sports', 'Cooking', 'Reading']
```

### Outputting Array Values

- We can output one of those array values with the alert command.

- We can output the entire hobbies array by just pointing at hobbies here.

```js
let age = 32
let userName = 'Max'
let hobbies = ['Sports', 'Cooking', 'Reading']
alert(hobbies)
```

### Accessing a Single Item in an Array

- Sometimes we just need a single item from an array.

1. We have a special syntax for pointing at a specific single item in an array.
2. We can put the so-called index number, the identifier of one of these array items between those `square brackets` to point at a specific item.

```js
let age = 32
let userName = 'Max'
let hobbies = ['Sports', 'Cooking', 'Reading']
alert(hobbies[0])
```

- The items in an array automatically receive an index number behind the scenes, and every item has its own unique number. `The index starts at zero for the first item`.

- Therefore, if we want to output the first item from that array, we put zero between those square brackets.
