---
sidebar_position: 12
---

# - Introducing Objects (Grouping Related Data)

### More Contextual Related Data

- Sometimes, we have related data that requires more context and is not just a list of equal values.

- For example, consider a passport or an ID for different countries.

### Describing Related Data with Labels

- In these cases, we have labels that describe each piece of data for the person.

- Labels can include name, date of birth, country, city, and more.

### Objects in JavaScript

- To describe this type of data in JavaScript, we use objects.

- Objects are another important data type for grouping related data.

### Creating an Object

- Objects are created using curly braces `{}` .

- Inside the curly braces, we add `properties`, which are label-value combinations that make up the object.

### Label-Value Combinations

- Properties in an object can be any labels we choose.

- Labels are followed by a colon `:` and then the corresponding value.

### Example Object

```js
let age = 32
let userName = 'Max'
let hobbies = ['Sports', 'Cooking', 'Reading']

let job = { title: 'developer', place: 'New York', salary: 50000 }

alert(hobbies[0])
```

### Using Individual Variables vs. Objects

- Instead of using individual variables for each piece of related data, we can group them together in an object.

- Using objects helps to explicitly show the logical relationship between the data.

### Properties as Scoped Variables

- Properties in an object can be thought of as variables that are scoped within the object.

- They do not require the `let` keyword and are assigned using a colon `:` instead of an equal sign `=` .
