---
sidebar_position: 13
---

# - Splitting Code Across Multiple Lines

- The bigger your objects get, the harder it can get to fully read and understand them if you are looking at code like this. That's why typically we split objects and their properties across multiple lines.

### Adding Line Breaks for Objects

- After the opening curly brace, we often add a line break to have the first key value pair.

- The label is our key and then this is the value.

- After the comma, if we have another property, we add another line break.

- And again,

- And then another one in front of the closing curly brace.

```js
let age = 32
let userName = 'Max'
let hobbies = ['Sports', 'Cooking', 'Reading']
let job = {
  title: 'developer',
  place: 'New York',
  salary: 50000,
}
alert(hobbies[0])
```

- This is a bit easier to read.

- Some white space was added automatically by my IDE. It's not required technically, we could remove it and the code works either way.

- But of course, it is a bit easier to read if we do have that white space, and if you wanna re-add it, you can simply hit the tab button and it will automatically indented a bit or that format document button or shortcut, which also will automatically format this.

- And that's now simply a bit easier to read.

### Adding Line Breaks for Arrays

- You could also add line breaks like this for arrays, if you wanted to, if that helps you with readability.

- And there, it also makes sense if this would be a longer array, but for this array, I think having it in one line is okay as well.

- But you could add those line breaks as well.

### Rules for Adding Line Breaks

- When it comes to adding line breaks and splitting code across multiple lines, there are a couple of other rules worth keeping in mind.

- Inside of a string, so between those quotes, you are not allowed to add a line break.

- If you have a longer text and you want to split it across multiple lines, there are two main ways of doing that.

- You can either add a plus sign to combine two strings together.

```js
let age = 32
let userName = 'Max' +
let hobbies = ['Sports', 'Cooking', 'Reading']
alert(hobbies[0])
```

- You can have your other string in a new line and that would work.

```js
let age = 32
let userName = 'Max ' +
\'other string'
let hobbies = ['Sports', 'Cooking', 'Reading']
alert(hobbies[0])
```

- Alternatively, you can also use back ticks instead of single quotes to add a line break inside of the string.

### Splitting Text Across Multiple Lines

- Throughout the course, you will also see some other line breaks here and there and you will see how I structure my code.

- I will also typically explain why something is structured in a certain way.

### Code Readability and Structure

- In general, as a developer, especially in JavaScript code, but also in HTML code, our goal is always code readability.

- We always want to write our code such that it's easy to read, easy to grasp, and we don't need to check if there are multiple statements in one of the same line.

- Instead, we go for short lines, concise code, and clearly structured code.

- And that's what we'll go for in this course and what we'll teach you.
