---
sidebar_position: 16
---

# - Onwards To Custom Commands! (functions)

### Introduction

- Functions are a way of putting our own operations into our own clearly defined commands, which have their own name and which we can then reuse by just using that name instead of repeating the entire operation code all the time.

- This helps us avoid code duplication and makes our code more efficient and easier to maintain.

### Example

- Now, let's build up on what we learned up to this point.

- We are calculating our adult years here by deducting 18 from the age.

#### Step 1: Switching the Order and Recalculating Adult Years

```js
let age = 32
let userName = 'Max'
let hobbies = ['Sports', 'Cooking', 'Reading']
let job = {
  title: 'developer',
  place: 'New York',
  salary: 50000,
}
let adultYears = age - 18

age = 45
adultYears = age - 18

alert(adultYears)
```

- We are doing the same calculation twice because we assign a new age value in between.

#### Step 2: Outputting Adult Years and Recalculating

```js
let age = 32
let userName = 'Max'
let hobbies = ['Sports', 'Cooking', 'Reading']
let job = {
  title: 'developer',
  place: 'New York',
  salary: 50000,
}

let adultYears = age - 18
alert(adultYears)
age = 45
adultYears = age - 18

alert(adultYears)
```

- We output adult years once, but if we reload the page, we only see the updated value because we didn't alert it before recalculating.

- By adding an empty line for readability, we now see 14 and then 27.

#### Code Duplication and the Need for Functions

- We are repeating the same step in two different places.

- The step refers to the calculation where we derive adult years.

- Although we repeat the alert code, there is a difference. Alert is a built-in command executed by the browser.

- For the calculation, we have our own algorithm with a defined operation of deducting 18 from the age.

- If the operation changes, we have to make adjustments in two places, which we want to avoid as developers.

- We want to be "lazy" and avoid repeating work in different places.

- To achieve this, we can put our operations into functions with their own names for reuse.

- Functions work like the built-in alert command, allowing us to avoid errors and easily make changes.

- Writing our own command, called a function, is the next step.
