---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Introduction

Hello, friends. I'm extremely happy to announce that my three React project scores is out today.
As the title specifies, this is a project-based course that focuses on sharpening your skills as a web developer.
This course will do the following:

- Create modern web applications using the React JavaScript framework and its large MPM library.

- Teach you the most powerful and commonly used hooks like `useState` , `useEffect` , `useRef` , `useContext` , and many more.

- Help you create powerful reusable components that you can use in your own projects.

### Who is this course for?

This course is for beginner to intermediate web developers who want to:

- Fill their portfolios with modern web applications ranging from simple to more complex ones.

- Understand project structure, use cases for different react hooks, and creation of powerful components.

### What will you learn in this course?

By taking this course, you will learn:

- Multiple use cases for the most powerful react hooks like `useEffect` , `useState` , `useContext` , and `useRef` .

- How to process data from local databases and servers.

- How to use react icons, react style components, and the React routing system.

- How to install third-party packages using NPM and much more.

### Why bother with React?

Here are some reasons why React is worth considering:

- React saves you time and money on development because it is component-based.

- You can break your UI into reusable components, allowing you to build dynamic user interfaces.

- React is declarative, making app development much easier.

- The React community is amazing.

- React is used by huge organizations.

- React is SEO friendly.

- React fully embraces JavaScript and TypeScript.

- React has a fast and efficient learning curve.

### So there we go.

Eight reasons.
Come on, learn React.
So please come with me on this journey.
Let's create some awesome applications.
See you in the course.
