---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# Course Resources and Useful Links

### Course Resources

- The `App.css` file is the main CSS file for all of the projects and it is necessary for this course.

- Please download the `App.css` and replace it with your file or simply copy over the content.

### Useful Links:

- React Icons - Here you can find all of the Free Icons libraries available for the React framework. It includes popular icons that you can easily include in your React projects using `react-icons` , which utilizes ES6 imports that allow you to include only the icons that your project is using.

  - Install React Icons by using `npm install react-icons --save` .

- Styled Components - `styled-components` are used to enhance CSS for styling React component systems. By focusing on a single use case, we have managed to optimize the experience for developers as well as the output for end users.

- Installing `styled-components` only takes a single command and you're ready to roll: - With npm:

```bash
npm install --save styled-components
```

- With yarn:

```bash
yarn add styled-components
```

- JSON Placeholder - JSON Placeholder is a free fake API for testing and prototyping. We will make requests to the server and get data from it in some of our projects.

- Avatars - DiceBear is an avatar library for designers and developers. You can choose between simple identicons and lovely designed characters. And best of all, they provide a simple and free HTTP API that you can use right away!

### Resources for this Lecture

App.css file
