---
sidebar_position: 5
---

# Fixing the code

- We're on the localhost 3000 which is the root route we can see the properties and not the home page.

- The landing page is marked as landing-page.js which is the actual home page but then the index.js which is the properties folder is right here marked as index.

- We have to exchange these two and we'll have to make some modifications to ensure that the linking between the two works.

- Rename the landing page to index and the index is going to be renamed to landing page.js.

- On the home page we now have the actual home which is great and we can navigate using the URL bar.

- If we go to forward slash Landing Dash page we should be able to see our properties.

- The most important part right now is that we can actually see that the page 2 as well as the page one right here and look as good as ever.

### Understanding the code

- All of this code was generated by AI.

- We're going to go through the code base a bit and try to fix it, try to understand how these components were created and maybe we can create some even more reusable components.

### Fixing up our index.js

- We're importing a lot of different components which is good.

- We have our landing page with a head where we have the title of real estate and even a meta description of discover your perfect home exactly as we put it within the local file Builder.

- In this case, we're passing all of these props to our footer and these props are basically just links or strings so there isn't really a reason why we need to pass them there.

- We can simply remove all of these props and then move into our footer get rid of them here from props and simply fix the styles to use the strings within it.

### Improving the Styles

- First, we have this style object which we don't need.

- Then we also have things such as on medium devices self-stretch which we don't need on medium devices Gap 0 as well.

- Now we're going to notice that it's going to complain about all of these image IDs and that's fine we're going to add them soon enough just by going through the code.

### Fixing the first source

- This is going to be an image that's going to have a class name of 11 11.

- We don't need relative here and we're going to have a source equal to that's going to be just a string that's going to point to forward slash house line dot SVG.

- If we save it that's good but you're going to notice that now we have some other issues so let's go to line 38 and let's fix the next SRC small image IDs is going to be just forward slash social Dash media logo.svg.

- The next one is going to be on line 45 this is going to be a string of social media logo.svg but it's going to be logo 1 and we have to start to build a forward slash.

- We have the next one which is going to be forward slash social media logo two dot SVG.

- We're gonna have a social media logo three social media logo for and then we have the features or no I think this is it we have fixed all the props.

### Fixing the second page

- The AI thought it needs a lot of icons but in this case it really does not so we can remove all of these unused Imports.

- The only thing that we have is just a couple of imports the header the properties grid and the footer as the last time in the footer we don't need to pass all of those props because we're using them within it.

- This is more or less it we can go ahead and check out the properties page right here.

### Simplifying some styling

- As before we won't need relative right here.

- Then below the header we're gonna update the BG top to Simply BG top like this.

- If we save it it didn't really make a big difference but this is the right back on position top and this right here isn't.

- Then we can remove the relative right here from properties as well as right here from this div.

- If we save it everything is going to be the same so let's move to this larger class name in this div.

- Here we can remove self stretch we can also remove padding x0.

- We can also remove the large box border and we can remove all of these MD properties as well as the small ones.

### Fetching Dynamic data from Super Bass

- Later down the line in this video, I'm gonna teach you how to fetch all of this data from Super Bass.

- This is going to allow you to really see the power of lockify because you have this layout generated for you incredibly quickly and then you can dive right into the code and focus on what matters which is implementing logic and functionality.
