---
sidebar_position: 5
---

# When and when not to use Components in Figma

- In this section, we'll explore the nuances of creating and handling components in your design workflow.

- We'll delve into when you should use components, when you shouldn't, and some peculiar aspects you need to consider.

### Converting to Components

- Let's initiate our discussion by converting elements into components.

- Currently, we have two distinct auto layouts represented by different icons.

- To begin, we'll convert one of them into a component. To do this:

1. Select the auto layout element.
2. Use the shortcut Command + Option (Mac) or Control + Alt (PC) while clicking to convert it into a component.

-bAfter conversion, you might notice a peculiar behavior.
Figma creates internal components within the auto layout, but they are not allowed to reside inside other main components.
Consequently, the internal components are shifted outside the auto layout, while instances are retained within.

#### Resolving the Component Placement

To manage the placement of components, consider the following steps:

1. Collapse the internal components.
2. Select and move them outside the auto layout, keeping them in a tidy arrangement.
3. For the main component, ensure it's not directly placed on your page; move it to the side.
4. Place the main component inside a placeholder frame, even if it's on another page. This aids in setting default constraints.

### The Significance of Components

- Knowing when to use components is crucial to your design process.

- Initially, while experimenting with design concepts, you may not require components.

- However, when you move beyond initial designs and into multiple frames, components become invaluable.

- Elements that are reused, such as buttons and icons, should always be created as components.

- This ensures consistency and streamlines updates across the design.

### Handling Components: Tips and Tricks

- Here are some additional tips and tricks for managing components effectively:

1. **Parent Components Inside Placeholder Frames:**

- Since main components cannot be placed within other main components, consider placing them inside a placeholder frame.

- Even if this placeholder frame is on a separate page, it allows you to set default constraints for instances.

2. **Preventing Accidental Deletion:**

- Components offer a safeguard against accidental deletion.

- When you try to delete an element within a component, it simply toggles the visibility (eyeball) instead of being removed completely.

- These practices not only enhance the robustness of your design but also make collaboration and sharing with team members smoother.

Stay tuned for the next video where we'll continue our journey through component management and design optimization.
