---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Intro

Hello there!

- My name is Dan Scott, and I'm excited to welcome you to the Figma Advanced Course.

### About Me

- I'm Dan, a UX designer and Figma instructor.

- I've received multiple teaching awards and have empowered over a million individuals to become better designers through my courses.

### Course Overview

- This course is designed for individuals who have a strong grasp of Figma fundamentals.

- Whether you've completed my Essentials Figma course or are self-taught, this course is tailored for those seeking to explore more advanced tools, tips, workflows, and updates.

### What to Expect

- Throughout the course, you'll receive a unique brief and persona to guide you in building an app that's ready to be showcased in your portfolio.

- You'll start by delving into multi-level nested auto layouts and creating robust components that are both easy to update and difficult to break.

### Topics Covered

- Advanced workflow tricks for managing design assets, styles, components, grids, and column layouts.

- Utilizing variables to enhance prototypes, including creating light/dark modes and different spacing versions.

- Exploring design tokens and advanced animation techniques.

- Responsive element creation for various device sizes.

- Leveraging shortcuts and plugins for improved efficiency.

- Manipulating and masking images and videos.

- Mastering advanced typography features and incorporating AI.

- Enhancing user tests with advanced prototyping techniques.

- Understanding accessibility tools and techniques.

- Becoming proficient in variant management.

- Collaborating effectively with designers, developers, and stakeholders.

### Course Details

- The course comprises over 160 videos, offering a comprehensive learning experience.

- Dive into the table of contents to discover the wide range of topics covered.

- Explore student reviews and testimonials to gain insights into the value this course provides.

### Hands-On Learning

- As you progress through the course, you'll work on real-world projects with downloadable exercise files and shortcut sheets.

- These resources will enable you to actively engage with mini class projects and elevate your Figma skills.

### Elevate Your Figma Skills

- Are you ready to take your Figma skills to the next level? Join the Figma Advanced Course and transform from good to great in your Figma design journey.
