---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Getting Started

Alright, let's kick things off.

### Download Exercise Files

- To start, download the exercise files for this course.

- You'll find a link on the course page to access these files.

- Within the folder, you'll also discover the handy shortcut sheet.

- It's a PDF document that you can print and keep nearby.

- Throughout the course, I'll cover numerous shortcuts, so having the sheet handy will let you highlight the ones that resonate with you.

### Adjusting Video Speed

- You might be wondering, "How fast does Dan talk?" Well, opinions vary! Some people find my pace a bit too brisk, while others wish I'd speed things up.

- The good news is that you have control. In the bottom corner of the video player, you'll find a settings cog that allows you to adjust the playback speed to your liking—whether you prefer a slower or faster pace.

### Free Version Compatibility

- Curious if the free version of Figma will suffice for this course? Absolutely.

- The majority of the content in this course can be completed using the free version of Figma.

- While we will touch on some paid features, this is primarily an advanced course designed to help you understand potential differences if you're using the free account versus a paid version.

- I'll walk you through these elements, so you'll have insight into what's available.

### Level One and Level Two

- In the course contents, you'll notice that certain substantial topics have been split into two parts: Level One and Level Two.

- Why the division? Well, some topics, like auto layout, are quite comprehensive and essential to grasp.

- Breaking these topics into manageable sections helps to prevent information overload.

- Level One covers the core fundamentals, while Level Two delves into more intricate details. T

- his approach ensures a balanced learning experience and keeps you engaged.

### Let's Begin!

That's all for the introduction. It's time to dive in and get started. Feel free to explore the course content, engage with exercises, and make the most of this learning journey. Let's begin!
